hi this is tablet Oh UK and we're just
going to take a very quick look at the
wind slate one device dual booting with
Windows 8 and Android 4 Ice Cream
Sandwich we're going to take a very
brief look at this this is the consumer
preview of Windows 8
we're not signed into Windows Live
accounts so normally here the Metro
styled front screen you'd have some
extra applications you'd see tiles from
things like your live drive and other
services that you connect to so we're
not seeing bad at the moment so it's
quite a basic set up and there's plenty
videos already on the web about Windows
8 we just take a very quick run through
essentially you've got the desktop
running almost as an application which
you launch from your Metro styled Start
screen here at the front
something will probably frustrated our
users there's now no Start button on the
device you access start by pulling in
the side here that also means that you
don't really have your list of
applications they're all on tiles here
which you can move around rearrange
resize and these are live tiles like on
Windows Phone 7 what you do have is a
search feature which allows you to
search your current apps as in the same
way that you would search your apps from
the for the start bar in Windows 7 I
suppose you've got the ability to pull
in other apps that you're already
running and swap between them and if you
want to run multiple apps at the same
time you've got the functionality to
dock those applications although there
aren't that many applications that
you're going to want to run in such a
small space but I suppose they're
thinking of things that messenger
clients
added to the consumer preview build if
you pull out an in you've got a list of
recently running applications and you
can also pull an application down and
decide where you want to dock it and
then bring in your second app so all of
that is very pretty and I think for most
people using Windows pretty useless as
well you've got a few niceties down here
with regards to quick access to wireless
for Liam brainless the sort of things
that would normally be down on the in
the bottom right hand corner on a normal
Windows desktop
notice that there is no indication of
how much battery life you have that just
isn't there is it in notifications as
turning notifications on an officer
right this volume Wireless so those sort
of things seem to be absent at the
moment whether or not they'll come back
in you've got there we are we've got a
indication of the battery there
one of the other complaints about
Windows 8 and I said things something
that's going to work a lot of people or
confuse a lot of people is that you've
got a version of Internet Explorer 10
that launches from your metro start home
screen and you also got the option of
running Internet Explorer 10 on your
desktop and those two internet explorers
are not sharing any information they're
not sharing bookmarks you can't have a
page loading on one and share it in
anywhere on the other so you've got two
versions of Internet Explorer side by
side that is going to be very confusing
for people take a quick look at the
on-screen keyboard
I would savor the on-screen keyboard is
improved but not for situations
depending what you're doing some people
even like the Windows XP keyboard you've
got usual controls you'd expect with the
tablet and different tabs that you have
open at the top screen rotation should
be working as well or not okay all right
let's just reboot to show you that you
can of that reboot into Android 4 Ice
Cream Sandwich on here so settings power
restart now let me say one device you've
got buttons down the right-hand side
next to me that's a Kensington lock here
you've got your power button will act as
a down arrow key on our
food menu it's also usually a bad key or
something slow back in Windows and an
Enter key so we'll be able to use those
keys in order to move around on route
Linea
you
okay here we are the Blue Men you see
we've got Android four and windows on
that menu the Android is the default
option present on their menu
and there we have it we have booted into
Android for forgive me I'm nice
specially into we're not going to take a
great look at things here but we may as
well go into a browser as the last page
we are on see screen rotation working
and just take a flick through the app
tray so you can see what's on there and
this is just completely vanilla builders
aware of Android there's nothing really
going on here at the moment really just
to really just to prove the concept that
you can do both operating systems on
this device